- [Instructor] There's really only a few things
that you need to know in order to be
successful in this course.
First and foremost, the use of the Java language.
Now I'm going to be focused on using Java 11
throughout this course, but you should
be able to use any supported version of Java
that is available within the Spring Initializr selection.
I also expect you to have some basic
knowledge of how Spring works.
After all, we're going to be talking
about the new features of Spring itself.
If you'd like to bump up some of your
knowledge on the Spring framework
I have several courses available in the LinkedIn
learning library that you can choose from
that will teach you the basics of Spring
as well as Spring Brute and some of the
more advanced topics like Spring Security.
Throughout this course I will be using
Maven as a dependency manager and a build system.
I don't need you to be an expert in Maven
but I do ask that you at least have
the baseline knowledge so that you can
use Maven effectively throughout this course.
Another aspect that I'm going to be using
is my IDE.
Now, I use InteliJ Ultimate.
You do not need to use this IDE.
In fact, you can use any IDE that you
are comfortable with for Java development.
There's also Spring plugins for many
other IDE's out there, and I do encourage
you to use those for your IDE of choice.
The big thing here is understand
how to use your IDE.
I may use features built into mine to generate
getters and setters and things like that.
There are equivalent options and tools
throughout all the IDE's to do very similar tasks.
So just know how to use your IDE really well
in order to be effective in this course.
And with that, let's get started.